# Project Name: AI-Enhanced Self-Service Portal for Student Affairs: A Proof of Concept

## Project Synopsis

Student Success Advisors (SSAs) are currently overwhelmed by low-complexity, high-volume inquiries. A reduction in SSA staffing highlights the urgent need for a scalable solution. This project proposes the design and implementation of a chatbot-based self-service tool to handle frequently asked questions (FAQs), integrated with a fallback mechanism ("off-ramp") to escalate complex queries to human advisors.

## Team member names

1. Yu Chen Chou 
2. Zhimin Xiong 
3. Haysam Elamin

## Data Source
* kb1.csv: Content from the College website.
* kb2.csv: Content from the Student Success Portal website.
* kb2.csv: Content from Student_Fees_FQA_Winter_2024.pdf and RO_FQA_Winter_2024.pdf.
* student_queries.csv: synthetic dataset to train the intent classifier model.

## Setup

In order to run the app, follow the steps as below:
* Create a Virtual Environment using Python 3.10 or 3.9.6, and restore requirements.txt
* Answers can be generated by OpenAI or Ollama
    * If using OpenAI to generate the answers, create a .env file with OPENAI_API_KEY
    * If using Ollama, download and install it by following https://ollama.com/download
* Models for emotion classifier and intent classifier are too big to push to GitHub.
    * run src\preprocess\emotionModelTrainer.ipynb to train and save the emotion classifier model
    * run src\preprocess\intentModelTrainer.ipynb to train and save the intent classifier model

